expanded code of conduct definitions and process (#300)
spiffe/spiffe: CODE-OF-CONDUCT.md

#### Workplace Color Spectrum

Taking examples from several organizations (see References), we identify this spectrum of interactions:

Green:
In this interaction everyone was socially aware and respectful. Everyone considered and listened to others' perspectives, even if they disagreed with opinions or proposals.

Yellow:
In this interaction someone was overly reactive. A "knee jerk" reaction to a statement, outcome, or situation caused frustration, anger, or some other negativity to surface *and* result in impacting others' comfortability, feeling of belonging in the community, or otherwise caused disruption. It is completely human to have negative emotions, but we must respectfully manage our emotions and not unleash them upon others.
Much like subtle-isms, nearly everyone will on occassion dip into Yellow. To err is human. It shows emotional maturity to recognize when this has happened and apologize for the behavior. It is a community concern if the situation keeps repeating, resulting in a warning and eventual banning.

Red:

> Either frequent repeating of Yellow, or outright harassment, insults, etc. as listed non-exhaustively in Principles.

Reviewer: Maybe excessive rather then frequent?
```suggestion
Either excessive Yellows, or outright harassment, insults, etc. as listed non-exhaustively in Principles.
```

> These interactions contribute to a toxic environment, are disruptive to productivity, and cause an unwelcome and unsafe atmosphere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These interactions contribute to a toxic environment, are disruptive to productivity, and cause an unwelcoming or unsafe atmosphere.
```

The SSC encourages timely reporting so that any potential evidence or other investigations will be more viable.
At the end of an investigation, the SSC will respond to reporters with the high-level conclusion of any action resulting from their report. If you would like clarity on a decision, the SSC is happy to discuss. If you are unsatisfied and still believe the situation requires escalation, report to [the CNCF Code of Conduct Committee](https://www.cncf.io/conduct/committee/).

Retaliation against Code of Conduct reporters will result in a permanent ban.

The SSC confidentially tracks all reports centrally, discussing information only with other CoC bodies under CNCF/Linux Foundation and only on an as-needed basis. All past SSC members are expected to continue to respect this confidentiality indefinitely- the SSC will consider it an egregious Code of Conduct violation to expose such information.

When discussing violations with a user, the SSC will make reasonable attempts to generalize information so that it is still useful but not identifying of the reporter. This will not always be possible (eg., if a report is made regarding a 1-on-1 interaction).

> The SSC will issue a warning to users who don't follow this code of conduct. A second offense results in a temporary ban. A third offense warrants a permanent ban. It is at the SSC's discretion to un-ban offending users, or to immediately ban a toxic user without warning.

Reviewer: I get the desire to be able to unilaterally ban a toxic user without warning... but that may go a little too far except in the most extreme case (maybe just the violence use case listed above). We may not want to reserve the right unilaterally without bounds. That was a concern on the python article.

Author: updated
